h1. Python library for the Pololu DRV8835 Dual Motor Driver Kit for Raspberry Pi - second motor operating 

Version: 1.5.0
Pololu DRV8835 Dual Motor Driver "repo":https://github.com/pololu/drv8835-motor-driver-rpi
h2. Summary

This library runs on the "Raspberry Pi":http://www.pololu.com/product/2757 (Model B+, A+, Pi 2, or Pi 3) and provides functions for controlling second channel of the "Pololu DRV8835 Dual Motor Driver Kit for Raspberry Pi":http://www.pololu.com/product/2753.  This library supports both Python 2 and Python 3.

Programs that use this library will need to be run as the root user so they can access the GPIO pins.

h2. Getting Started

h3. Installation

This library depends on "WiringPi":http://wiringpi.com/ and "WiringPi-Python":https://github.com/WiringPi/WiringPi-Python.  The instructions below explain how to install these prerequisites.

These instructions assume you are using Raspbian, Debian, or some other distribution that provides the @apt-get@ command for managing packages.  If you do not have @apt-get@, you will need to use a different method to install the required packages.

These instructions also assume you will use Python 2.  If you want to use Python 3, you will need to replace @python@ with @python3@ in the names of the @apt-get@ packages below, and use the @python3@ command instead of @python@ for running Python scripts, and use the @pip3@ command instead of @pip@ to install pip packages.

First, to download and install WiringPi-Python, run:

<pre>
sudo apt-get install python-dev python-pip
sudo pip install wiringpi</pre>

Next, to download and install the pololu_drv8835_rpi library, run:

<pre>
git clone https://github.com/pololu/drv8835-motor-driver-rpi.git
cd drv8835-motor-driver-rpi
sudo python setup.py install</pre>

Finally, to install the library for only the second motor, run:

<pre>
git clone https://github.com/ocean-treasures/ocean_motion


h3. Running the program

You can run the ".py" file that drives the motor in both directions.  To run the motion.py, 
navigate to the ocean-motion directory and run:

<pre>
sudo python motion.py</pre>

h2. Library reference

This library uses ultrasonic 20&nbsp;kHz PWM to drive the motor.

Motor speeds in this library are represented as numbers between *-480* and *480* (inclusive).  A speed of 0 corresponds to braking.  Positive speeds correspond to current flowing from M1A/M2A to M1B/M2B, while negative speeds correspond to current flowing in the other direction.

The library can be imported into a Python program with the following line:

<pre>
from motion import move

After importing the library, you can use the commands below to set motor speeds:

-@move(duration, clockwise, speed, async)@
-@duration - how many seconds to power the motor@
-@clockwise - TRUE or FALSE, determines direction of rotating (depends on motor connections)@
-@speed - -480 to 480 (default set to 480), negative values may return the direction@
-@async - TRUE or FALSE (set by default to TRUE), motor is operated by another process@

